feat: add documentation for string keys (#4938)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.6/apis-tools/camunda-api-rest/camunda-api-rest-overview.md

You can enable the [alpha feature][] search endpoints by setting either the configuration property `camunda.rest.query.enabled` to `true`,
or the environment variable `CAMUNDA_REST_QUERY_ENABLED` to `true`.

## API Key Attributes

> OpenAPI key attributes are defined as `integer (int64)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAPI key attributes have a `key` suffix, serving as the technical unique identifier for entities, such as `processDefinitionKey` and `tenantKey`, with `correlationKey` being the only exception. Those attributes are of type `integer (int64)`.
```

> :::warning Key Attribute Change
> In next minor release the default key attribute type will be changing to `string`.
> :::
> 
> In order to have a gradual change and provide our users enough time, we are already introducing new content types in our
> API specification with 8.6. With these content types users can specifically tell our API to accept and return `integer (int64)` or
> `string` key attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning Key Attribute Change
With the next minor release, the default key attribute type will changes to `string`.

To support a gradual change and provide users with enough time, we already introduced new content types in our API
specification. With these content types, users can specifically tell our API to accept and return `integer (int64)` or
`string` key attributes.
:::
```

### Content Type Headers

We support the following 3 content types in C8 API:

- `application/json`:
  - Endpoints return and expect objects with key attributes as default `integer (int64)`.

>   - **This changes to `string` in next minor release.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **This changes to `string` with the next minor release.**
```
